Add Android Firefox browser to the supported browsers (#193)
Shopify/web-configs: packages/browserslist-config/CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]

> - Support now the last 1 major version of Firefox on Android. [#193](https://github.com/Shopify/web-configs/pull/193)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support the last major version of Firefox on Android in browserlist config. [#193](https://github.com/Shopify/web-configs/pull/193)
```
